Added .github folder with templates (#57) (#57)
vallenderlab/MicrobiomeR: README.md

## Notes

* Code Style based on Google's R style developed by Hadley Wickham.

> * Please note that the [34m'MicrobiomeR'[39m project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct](.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.

Reviewer: Something formatting wise happened here 
```suggestion
* Please note that the `MicrobiomeR` project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct](.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.
```
